Add Config Parameter to Disable Validation When Loading BIDS Info (#1168)
ivadomed/ivadomed: docs/source/configuration_file.rst

    }

.. jsonschema::

    {
        "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-04/schema#",
        "title": "validate_BIDS",

>         "description": "Indicated if loader should validate BIDS info",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "description": "Indicated if the loader should validate the dataset for compliance with BIDS",
```

>         "description": "Indicated if the loader should validate the dataset for compliance with BIDS",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        "description": "Indicates if the loader should validate the dataset for compliance with BIDS",
```
